Non-uk signposting - expanders and inset text updates (#4071)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/funding-and-support/tuition-fee-and-maintenance-loans.md

* $finance_maintenanceloan_notwithparentsinsidelondon$, if you live away from your parents, in London
* $finance_maintenanceloan_oversixty$, if you're 60 years or over on the first day of the academic year of your course

$student-finance-calculator$

## Check your eligibility for a bursary or scholarship

You may also be eligible for a tax-free bursary or scholarship, depending on the subject you're training to teach.

You do not have to pay a bursary or scholarship back. You can get a bursary or scholarship as well as any tuition fee loan and maintenance loan.

[Find out if you're eligible for a bursary or scholarship](/funding-and-support/scholarships-and-bursaries).

> ## If you're from other UK countries or Crown Dependencies

Reviewer: @emmaachesongray I'm not sure `other UK countries` quite makes sense in this heading as we haven't mentioned England at all on this page - does this need changing?

```suggestion
## If you're from Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland or the Crown Dependencies
```
